2016-03-16



Ok, so now the ad plugin can do the basics.


However, now I need my ad plugin to display a "skip ad button" somewhere.


I believe that the skin (aka remote) should be the object that should display the button, as to ensure
visual consistency (for instance if the player has a futurist chrome look, the button could popup from
behind the skin, like an incrusted futurist pane).


But if the skin is the target, how can my plugin communicate with it.
I know that plugin communication is handled by events, but the remote is not a plugin.

So I think maybe we need a plugin that hosts the remote.
This could be called the adskipadbutton plugin.

It would embed the remote, and the remote must provide some ways to display a custom button.


Now seems a good time to focus on the remote.











BEEEEERK



As for now, there is no way I can do this.

I would suggest the following:


Any plugin that wants to take control of the skin can use "visualcontrol" events.
Visual control is a mode where a plugin decides that it will control the skin widget's appearance, instead
of relying on the defaults.

This would be of course a two way communication, meaning that the skin has to be compatible with the mechanism
described here.


The plugin sends visualcontrol events to any skin that would listen to it.
A visualcontrol compatible skin would send back some events to any plugin that would listen to it.

When a plugin sends a visualcontrol event, the event name starts with ""visualcontrol>",
when the skin sends  a visualcontrol event back to the plugin, the event name starts with "visualcontrol<".


The following events (and parameters), I believe, suffice to implement the ad mechanism I need:


- visualcontrol>start ( durationInSeconds, ?text )
- visualcontrol>time ( timeInSeconds  ), position the timeline
- visualcontrol>text ( text  ), set the text of the controlled widget(s) 
- visualcontrol>createbutton ( id, text, fn  )
- visualcontrol>showbutton ( id  )
- visualcontrol>hidebutton ( id  )

- visualcontrol<buttonclick ( id )




Actually, I think I've been a little too far than what's necessary.
By switching the currentVideo of the video player with the ad video when the ad starts,
and switch back to the main video when the ad ends, the play/pause/setTime functionality/logic
is just proxied to the video player, and we don't need to compensate with the extra events
that I came up with.


However, the problem of adding a "skip ad button" remains.
The following events should suffice:


- visualcontrol>createbutton ( id, text, fn  )
- visualcontrol>showbutton ( id  )
- visualcontrol>hidebutton ( id  )

- visualcontrol<buttonclick ( id )